Samsung Galaxy S® 4 mini - Configure Email - Personal and Professional
Set up your personal and professional email account quickly and efficiently on your Samsung Galaxy S 4 mini. Watch this video to learn how.
Start by touching Apps from a Home screen. Then touch Email.
Enter your email address and password. Touch Next.
When the configuration is complete, select the account options such as the email synchronization frequency and tap Next.
You have the option to name this account on your phone.
Enter a name if you wish.
Finally, enter your name to display in the sent messages.
Tap OK to go to your email.
If you want to add a Microsoft Exchange account from your work or school, tap the menu button.
Select Settings.
Then tap Add account. Enter your email address and password.
Then make sure to touch Config. manual.
Choose the type of account to configure, for example Microsoft Exchange ActiveSync.
Enter the required Domain and Exchange Server names.
Contact your company if you do not know this information.
Touch Next when done.
Read the prompt and tap OK if you agree. A second prompt may be needed for remote security, tap OK to continue.
On the Account Options page, you can change email settings such as high-traffic calendar and synchronization options. When finished touch Next.
Some accounts must be able to remotely control some security features on your phone, in order to allow the device administrator, touch Activate.
Finally, you have the option to name the new account on your phone, touch OK to complete the configuration.
To see all your accounts together, tap the account menu icon.
Then select Combined View.